Muolda
My dear friend Mooda, can I know your opinion in certain points related to Arabic
Of course Reem, I love this kind of conversation
Well, when did Arabic appear?
Arabic appeared many years ago
The historians pointed out that it is one of the most prominent languages, and it is the most advanced language in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that. The diversity of Arabic language sciences, including literature, communication, grammar, grammar, beauty, expression, and multiple singularities, make some people afraid of learning them, while they are one of the strong and easy languages to learn.
But they only need determination and persistence to learn and master them.
Do you know why the Arabic language is called the Dada language?
Yes, of course. This name is re-released on the Arabic language, since it is the only language on the level of the languages of the world that contains the letter Dada.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic. Why?
How can I not love it? The Creator has honored it and made it the language of the Holy Quran and the language of the Master of Messengers, which is the main language of Islam and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language! Thank you, Mona.